updated api playground documentation (#1084)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/api/using-api-playground.md

The API includes built-in documentation about credential formats. This is available using the `credentials` endpoint:

```shell
<your-cloud-instance>/api/v<version-number>/credentials/schema/{credentialTypeName}
```

!!! note "How to find `credentialTypeName`"

>     To find the type, download your workflow and examine it (it's a JSON file). For a Google Drive node is `googleDriveOAuth2Api` the `{credentialTypeName}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To find the type, download your workflow as JSON and examine it. For example, for a Google Drive node the `{credentialTypeName}` is `googleDriveOAuth2Api` :
```
